TheClevelat<dGazette.
PUBLISHED BY THE GAZETTE PUB. CO.
K. O. ORSBURN, . . roc«U Reporter.
Notice to Subscribers.—Subscribers not
receiving the Gazette regularly should notify
us at once. We dosire every copy delivered
promptly.
Wo would advise all of our patrons to ex
amine our advertisements carefully before
making purchases. Business men who adver
tise in this paper should have the emjrepatron
aye of the colored people of this city. The fact
that tney advertise is assurance that they want
the patronage of the colored people.
LET YOUR WAITS BE KNOWN*
If you want a job,
If you want help.
If you want a cook,
If you want a waiter,
If you want, a barber,
If you want a laborer,
If you want a situation.
If you want to lend money,
If you want to rent a house,
If you want your entertainments patronized,
Advertise In THE 6AZETTE.
LOCAL GOSSIP.
Where are the foot-pada?
School opened last Wednesday.
J. F. Lightfoot visited New York City
the past week.
Will Anderson is diligently pursuing
his law studies.
Miss Susie Wallace, of Oberlin, left
for home last Monday.
Richard Munson returned from Lake
Geauga last Saturday.
> Miss Annie Green, who has been very
sick, is convalescing slowly.
Mr. Thomas Edmunds is very sick at
his residence on Maple Street.
Rev. J. W. Culp, of Jacksonville,
Fla., left last Tuesday evening.
Mr. William Trapp is still sick, but,
fortunately, does not get any worse.
John F. Lightfoot and John Holmes
are the Gazette’s traveling agents.
The Gazette is on sale at the Owl
Club.^Sweet’s Shoe Store, and by car
riers. i
Thie Independent Club held a meet
ing last Wednesday evening and elected
officers.
Mrs. Alexander Stanley returned last
Tuesday from her extended trip to
Europe.
Mr. Anderson Bowman and Charles
McAfee' have returned from Little
Mountain.
Mt. Zion Congregational Sabbath
school is well attended and in a flour-
ishing condition.
Miss Alice Jackson, of South Bend,
Ind., is the guest of Miss Viola Holmes,
of East Cleveland.
Mr. John Loney, one of our old
Cleveland boys, is in the city, where he
will remain all winter.
An entertainment was held at Hal
cyon Hall last Thursday evening by the
Ezekial Commandery.
• The Greenbrier Brothers show con
siderable enterprise in the issue of their
“Illustrated Monthly.”
Mrs. George Lucas departed for a
visit to Springfield, Tuesday, where
she will remain at least two weeks.
The Forest City Sewing Circle meets
at Mrs. J. S. White’s, No. 61 Garden
Street, next Thursday evening.
The genial and obliging George W.
Doctor always has copies of the Gazett
for sale in the Union Passenger Depot.
The St. John’s A. M. E. Church gave
an excursion to Cuyahoga Falls Sep
tember sth, which was largely attended.
St. John's A. M. E. Church Literary
Society will give a miscellaneous en
tertainment at the church, Septembers
22, 1883.
Prof. B. C. Freeman, George L.
Moody and other Clevelanders are ex
pected home from Chautauqua on the
17th inst.
Miss Angie Adair, with her parents^
from Helena, Ark., is visiting her
cousin, Miss Lettie Thompson, of Gar
den Street.
Miss Birdie Green leaves Saturday,
the Bth, for Chicago. While there she
will be the guest of Mrs. R. E. Moore,
of Butterfield Street.
Mr. and Mrs. Jesse Roberts and fam
ily returned home last Friday evening,
after a three months’ sojourn in Lon
don, greatly improved in health.
Messrs. Matt. Scott, G. W. Doctor,
Charles Black, Byron W. Buckner, E.
Doctor, Gus. Barber and several other
young gents are sporting very fine gold
watches.
Rev. S. S. Calkins, pastor of Mt.
Zion Congregational Church, has start
ed a night and day school for business
and al! branches of education. Terms
are within the reach of everybody.
William O. Taylor and J. J. Pollard,
of Mobile, Ala., were in the city the
Sast week, the guests of Mr. Gabriel
[urrey and R. A. Jones. They left
for New York City Monday morning.
Mrs. J. B. Taylor, of Washington, D.
C., accompanied by Mrs. H. C. Cassy,
her hostess, will leave for Oberlin to-
day, where she will enter her eldest son,
Willie, at school.
"The Misses Alice Strange and Lulu
Cook, of Washington, D. C.; Susie Wal
lace and Carrie Dennie of Oberlin; Mrs.
Raphael Williams, Mrs. James Jackson
Mi d John Cook, picniced at Rocky River
-dfist Monday.
Mrs. F. Andersen and Benjamin
Ricks and family spent Sunday, 2d
inst, at Putrin-Bay. Beu says he
would have had a good time if he had
not been called upon to feed the fishes
on returning home.
Light of the West Lodge will have a
public installation of officers, followed
by a grand entertainment, on or about
the 26th inst. Committee of Arrange
ments, J. F. Lightfoot, John Morgan,
Eli Lucas, H. C. C* issey, J. H. Jordan
and R. A. Jones.
Mr. Oliver Jackson is authorized to
solicit subscriptions and advertisements
for the Gazette. When he calls give
him fifty cents and have the paper sent
by mail to your residence three months.
Also, patrons should patronize those
who advertise in this paper. Subscrip
tions three mntohs fifty cents.
A large number of voters, mostly
“Independents,” met Monday evening
at 178 Superior Street to organize an
Independent Club. Telling speeches
were made both pro and con bythe
Hon. J. P. Green, L. W. Wellace, Wm.
Patterson, Madison Tilly, E. S. Sweet,
R. A. Jones, F. J. Anthony and others,
but no move was made toward organi
zation. The meeting adjourned to
meet next Wednesday evening, Aug. 5,
at No. 269 Garden Street, when proba
bly an Independent Club will be
formed.
Billiards at the owl Club.
Joseph Clifford and B. Binga played
four games of billiards (three-ball
game) at the Owl Club last Saturday,
which was hotly contested, each win
ning two games. The Gazette re
porter noticed Mr. Andrew Williams,
of Columbus, the gentleman who won
a match game of billiards a short time
ago in contest with Mr. Bridgewater,
manager of the St. Louis Black-Socks,
in the same place, Mr. Philip Hurst,
our local “dude,” and many others
present.
Lewis—Patterson.
As there were not more than half of
the presents given at the Lewis-Patter
son wedding published in the Gazette
of August 25, on account of the lack of
space, we will add all others that we
think have not been mentioned, so that
none who so kindly remembered the
bride shall feel slighted: Mrs. Nelson
and daughter, silver napkin rings; Miss
Jennio Berry, fruit plates; Mrs. Fair
hart, cut-glass fruit stand; Mr. Frank
Anthony, ebony clock and charm; Mrs.
Southerton. towels; Mrs. Ella Camp
bell, towels; Miss Dot Wright, China
fruit plates; Mr. John Cook, his picture
elegantly framed; Miss Sarah Mitchell,
salt, pepper and vinegar cruet; Mrs.
Logan Mitchell, toilet set; Miss Mary
Lawson, real lace tie; Mrs. G. Murry,
handsome bed-spread; Mrs. McPherson,
fruit dish; Mrs. Clifford, elegant table-
Kread; Miss H. Milton, porcelain vase;
lr. Wright, solid silver perfumery set;
•Mr. and Mrs. Brooks, fruit dish; Mr.
and Mrs. Williams, cup and saucer;
Miss Allie Hilton, bread plate; Miss
Lizzie Turner, individual set; Miss
Mollie Brown, towels and photograph;
Mr. and Mrs. Babcock, hand-made
tidy; Mrs. M. Robinson, box of initial
handkerchiefs; Miss Julia Jones, towels;
Captain James Harding, toilet set; Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Log, a set of brilliant
earrings; Miss. Viola Wheaton, silver
butter dish; Miss Annie Sutton, bed
spread; Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Walker,
fruit basket; Mr. and Mrs. H. Stevenson,
canary bird and cage; Mrs. Ruth Ross,
table cloths and napkins; Miss Lina
Martin, one dozen goblets; Mr. Will
Goodwin, Japanese wine set; Mr. Gus
Barber, toilet set; Mr. and Mrs. D.
Tyler, silver pickle caster; Miss Lucy
Robinson, silver nut-picks and
crackers; Miss Annie Dickson,
toilet and individual set; Mr. and
Mrs. Ralph Cohen, elegant flowers;
Mr. Charles Block, ebony frame look
ing-glass; Mrs. Sims, table cloth and
napkins; Mrs. and Mrs. J. F. Lightfoot,
cupid in ebony frame; Mrs. Thomas
Carrol, china cups and saucers; Mrs. H.
Campbell, silver butter dish and. towels;
Mr. and Mrs. Ben Douglass, antique
vases; Mrs. William Green, fruit plates;
Mr. and Mrs. T. F. Blackmore Denoirs,
solid silver sugar-bowl; Mr. Fred
Thomas, elegant silver napkin ring;
Mr. and Mrs. William Alston, cut glass
ice cream set; Mr. Stokes and Mrs.
Coleman, fruit and cake stand; Mr.
James Taylor, cut glass and silver
berry dish; Mr. and Mrs. Arron Lewis,
silver pickle castor; Mr. and Mrs. Joe
Brown, elegant boquet holder; Madame
Scheuer, silver spoon-holder with bell
attached; Mr. and Mrs. George Carroll,
solid silver napkin rings; young men of
the Tremont House, bedroom set; Mr.
W. H. Harrison and sister, of Washing
ton, D. C., parlor lounge; Mr. Jerome
^Thompson, decorated china cup and
saucer; Mr. Tommy Short and sister,
blue satin work-basket; Mr. and Mrs.
Coleman, fruit plates; Mr. Byron Buck
ner, cut glass ice cream set; Mr.
Willie Green, solid silver tray;
Mr. and Mrs. J.S. White,solid silver berry
dish; Aggie Patterson, ebony model
forget-me-not; Mrs. Anna Hill, towels;
Mr. Wesley, lamp; Mr. and Mrs. D. C.
Washington, elegant hand-painted fan;
Mr. Ed. Huston, of Put-in-Bay, 1 case
of wine; Mr. and Mrs. Dr^k majolica
set; Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Clarke, lace
shams; Wilhemina Patterson, sister of
the bride, spoonholder; Katie Johnson,
cousin of bride, traveling satchel; Katie
Patterson, sister of bride, pocket-book;
Mrs. C. H. Wright, $5 in book; Mrs.
Mary Johnson, after-dinner set; Mr.
Thompson, of Pittsburg, hand-painted
flower-stand; Mr. and Mrs. William
Fowler, napkin rings; Mr. and Mrs. D.
C. Fowler, fruit-dish; Miss Emma
Manly, Tiffin, 0., toilet-set; Miss Hol
deman, one dozen napkins; Mr. Dan
Fields, silver knife and forks; Mr. and
Mrs. Willis, card receiver; Master Jas.
Willis, bouquet-holder; Mrs. E. McAfee,
Japanese table-spread; Mr. Luther John
son, Washington, D. C., elegant charm;
Mrs. James Kelly, Salem, 0., 1J dozen
towels.
At the Popular, 02 Public Square.
Ladies. $1.43. Think of it, $1.43 for
ladies' Pebble Goat Button Shoes. New
fall goods and wonderfully cheap.
Ladies’ Kid Button, surprising - $1.75
“ Goat “ “ - 1.75
“ Grand Kid Button, handsome 2.00
“ Excellent Slippers, very nice LOO
“ Satin Slippers and fine even-
ing shoes 1.00
Misses’ Splendid Fall Lace Shoes - 1.00
“ “ “ Button Shoes 1.00
“ Grand Button Shoes, wear a
year 1.50
Children’s String Button Shoes • .85
“ Fine Spring Heel Button 1.00
Gents, Youths, Boys, Fathers and Young
Gents, see our grand fall shoes, new ana
beautiful styles, best and leading makes,
anything you can wish for. Call and look.
Buy
At the Popular Boot and Shoe Store,
62 Public Square.
East End Items.
Miss Jennie McQueen, of Tiffin, 0., who
has been visiting her sister. Mrs. William
Fowler, of South Logan Street, left for
home Friday.—Mr. Isaac Jackson left for
Oberlin, where he is engaged as steward
at the Lady’s Hall.—Little Leßoy Fowler
is visiting his Grandma McQueen, of
Tiffin.—A few of our older heads are terri
bly worked up over the movement of the
young men forming an Independent Club.
—Our band is progressing. Look out for
good music.—Miss Ella Cochran will leave
for her home in Virginia the 20th.—
Look out for our colored flagman on the
Nickle Plate Road.—A good many of our
young city folks spend the Sabbath in this
part of the city.—We are growing very fast
innumber. We congratulate Mr. and Mrs.
Adkins. It is’ a boy.—Mr. Nathan Oliver
will soon lead a beautiful bride to the altar.
—Mr. George Fields wants to be a police
man. We wish him success.—Look out for
a grand party to be given soon in One of
our bails.
Cmespimteirt.
All correspondence and comnluriicatlorts tor
publication must reach us by Wednesday no n,
at the latest, to insure publication in next issue.
The Gazette Is not responsible tor the opin
ions of its correspondents.
MASONIC DEPARTMENT.
Jere. A. Drown, Grand Secretary of the
Grand Lodge of Ohio, Editor.
On questions relating to Masonic history.
Literature, etc., we will gladly impart
whatever knowledge we may have. But,
upon questions of Masonic law, as any
answer^ we should give would merely be
opinions, our advice is J write directly to
the Grand Master, who is the proper officer
to give decisions.—:We are in receipt of the
printed proceedings of the Grand Lodge of
lowa for 1883. It is needless to say that
this enterprising and magnificent Grand
Lodge has had a wonderful increase in its
membership. As the officers have always
practiced the principles Of Masonry toward
us, we are constrained to give them our
best wishes with a silent, heartfelt prayer
for their future success.—Meetings to be
held during the week: Monday, Septem
ber 9, Keystone Chapter No. 8, R. A. M.,
hall corner Woodland Avenue and Eagle
Street.—Considerable activity pervades
the several lodges in the city. Refresh
ment has ceased and labor has begun.
Every Mason should be In his place,
health and business permitting, when
the hour arrives to call to labor. Much
is lost by absence, while those who are
present have your burdens to bear. Then
there is great encouragement given to the
officers when the hour for meeting arrives
and a full and punctual attendance is at
hand. Take notice and let it be done. —lt is
definitely settled that the Grand Lodge,
F. A. A. M., the Grand Chapter, R. A. M.,
and the Grand Commandery K. T., for the
State of Ohio, will hold their sessions in this
city during the month of August, 1884. The
aggregate membership subordinate to these
Grand Bodies number over two thousand,
the influx of visitors to Cleveland on that
occasion will be great. It will be a tax on
the local organizations to entertain them,
but, with proper management it can be
done in a satisfactory manner.—We have
at this time to convey to the Craft the in
telligence of the severe illness of Bro.
Thomas H. Edmonds, W. M. of Excelsior
Lodge No. 11, who is confined to his bed
with malarial fever.—lt has been gratifying
to the Grand Officers to note the increase in
the membership of the subordinates for the
past year. It shows that their efforts to
elevate and uphold the principles of Mason
ry have been amply rewarded. That this
is largely due to unceasing vigilance, work
and a thorough knowledge of the wants
and needs of their jurisdictions, cannot be
denied. We still hone for future acces
sions, as the same skillful hands, the same
trusted and honored brethren, with their
large Masonic experience have been re
elected to serve for another year. All
“Proceedings” received from the Grand
Bodies at home and abroad, abound with
noble sentiments, the statements of their
condition, of their earnest and. zealous
pledges for the work and the renewed con
secration to duties that really the outlook
is grand for the Fraternity the world over.
—lt isour earnest desire to have the lodges
inaugurate, during the winter, a school of
instruction. A stated meeting once or
twice a month, for such a purpose, would
no doubt be well attended and thereby
amply repay the brother or brethren who
would serve as instructors. The benefit
that the brethren composing the lodges
would derive from such a school is incal
culable. Besides the refreshing of memo
ries, there are social pleasures to be derived
therefrom, which is a sufficient reason for
its establishment. We hope the officers
will give this their earliest attention. To
the Masonic student there is nothing to
prevent him from becoming thoroughly
acquainted with the literature appertain
ing to Masonry. The field is broad, com
prehensive, entertaining and full of knowl
edge. Books on History and Jurispru
dence are easily obtained and the brother
who devotes his spare moments to a care
ful perusal is sure to be rewarded.
[As the Masonic Department is to be a
regular feature of the Gazette, we hope to
gain the substantial support of all Masons.
—Ed.]
ODD FELLOWS’ DEPARTMENT.
G. U. O. of O. F.
James K. Snyder, - -.- Editor.
Last Thursday evening a large number
of the members of the Ohio Lodge gave
Brother J. M. Ross a surprise in the form
of a pound party. At the meeting of Ohio
Lodge last Tuesday evening the following
brothers were elected for the quarter:
ThomasMones, N. G.; T. M. Farlice, V. G.;
Benjamin Davis, N. F.; J. F. Reddick, P.
N. F.; G. S. Whitfield, O. G. We are in
receipt of an invitation to the grand ban
quet to be given in Philadelphia on October
11 by the Odd Fellows of that city. A bright
and promising young Odd Fellow arrived
in the city last week and is stopping at
the residence of Mr. John Glover.—The
goat will be brought into use at the meet
ing of Charles Sumner Lodge Monday
evening.—Bro. J. M. Ross left for the annual
conference of the A. M. Church last Mon
day evening.—Columbus Patriarchie has
increased from eighteen members to thirty
eight and are preparing to commence a
series of drill meetings, preparatory to the
great event at Cincinnati October, 1884.
Cleveland Patriarchs look well to your
laurels. —Springfield Patriarchie under
command of M. V. P. Chas. H. Cissel will
also be there and expect to walkaway with
a prize. Centennial Lodge 1722 of Ironton,
Ohio, lost their entire set of furniture and
regalia by fire. They have the sympathy
of the brotherhood.
PITTSBURGH.
Eureka Lodge No. 1436, G. U. O of O. F.
will celebrate their tenth anniversary Sep
tember 6 by a parade during the day and a
banquet in the evening at Lafayette Hall.
The committee will endeavor to make it
enjoyable for all who will favor them
with their presence on this occasion. Alle
gheny Patriarchie will leave on the 10th to
attend the district meeting under the com
mand of Capt. Taylor. At a meeting of
Industry Lodge No. 1535, the following an
nual officers were elected: Geo. A. Mosset,
P. S.; R. J. Davis, Treasurer; J. 8. Strick
land, R. J. Davis and Rev. Lynch, Trus-
[As the Odd Fellows’ Department is to
be a regular feature of the Gazette, we
hope to gain the substantial support of all
Odd Fellows. —Ed.]
* News Gleaned in Ohio’s Capital.
The Gazette made its appearance in our
“burg” Sunday, and to say it took well
would be a very mild way of asserting a
fact. Everyone who saw it were loud in
their commendations. Typographically it
is neat and trim; the editorials are spicy
and to the point; its entire make-up is such
as will make for it hundreds of friends in
the Capital City. We say to its publish
ers that the people of Columbus welcome
it, as it admirably fills an aching void.
’Tis true we have two papers in circulation
here, the Review ana Afro, but there is
room for the Gaztte. The Afro can hardly
be said to have a circulation here.—Po
litically everything in Columbus is at
fever heat. The Republicans are united,
Sbilant and confident of success in Octo-
r. It is now only a question of the size
of our majority. The Democrats are com
pletely demoralized and have not onlyx’on
ceded'the election of the Republican .State
ticket but have gone farther, they concede
the election of the Republican county
ticket, although this county has heretofore
been a hopeless Democratic stronghold.
Their leading Sunday organ came out last
Sunday boldly in opposition to Hoadley.
—The State Fair was the largest ever held
and the most successful. Every feature
about it was up to the most sanguine ex
pectation.—Prof. Bowles, of Marietta, re
turned home Saturday after a pleasant
visit here.—-Miss Jennie Snowden, of Steu
benville returned home Thursday and the
boys heaved a sigh.—Miss Carrie Williams,
ne of our brightest oraments in society
k ft Friday for Parkersburg, W. Va.,where
f 'e expects a position In th« schools of that
c,..y.—Walter S. Thomas paid a Visit to the
Queen City On the sth. Walter, are not
these visits getting quite numerous?—Miss
Abbie McFarland and Miss Nettie Poin
dexter were very much pleased with their
visit to the Forest City.—Clifford is sing
ing “Carrie me back to old Virginia,” and
we join in the chorus with a “me too” feel
ing.—At last account Bud Williams was
still hard at work doing nothing. Bud has
a steady job at it that will keep him this
Winter .“--The wedding bells are hushed in
silence here. When boys can’t raise enough
to attend prayer meetings, how can they
f propose?—Miss Carter seems to be play
ng sad havoc with a certain party’s heart.
—Out.old friend J. D. Ross has at last fell
a victim to Cupid’s darts. —Mrs. Neal
Weaver has gone to St. Louis to teach.—
Mrs. Evans and Anderson have been vis
iting Mrs. L. Dickey. Mrs. Evans left
Sept. 4th for Cincinnati, and Mrs. Ander
son for Washington, D. C.—The Columbus
gents are making arrangements for a club
room.- Mrs. K. Porter has returned to her
school at Dayton. O.—J. Fossett reassumes
his duties in the Supreme Court, Sept. 12th.
—O. S. Jones has been substituting in R.
M. S. from Pittsburg to Columbus.
Columbus Locals.
SHILOH CHURCH.
This church is composed mainly of a class
of people who, during the days of slavery
and after its abolishment, came to this
city. Their edifice is located near the cor
ner of Long and Third Streets,and was form
erly owned by St. Paul’s A. M. E. congre
gation. The building is very old and un
substantial, but has been made to look very
neat in the interior. Rev. George Scott is
their pastor, and seems to act the shepherd
in a becoming manner. They have of late
years been holding camp-meetings near
Columbus, and have succeeded in raising
quite a sum of money from that source.
This year, after holding a meeting here,
they pulled down their tents and pitched
them again in Plain City, O. The member
ship numbers about three hundred, who
earn their living by the sweat of their
brow. They have quite an interesting
Sabbath School of fifty attendants. —The
following papers, owned and edited by
colored men, are being sold in the city,
viz.: Cleveland Gazette, Afro-American,
The Review, New York Globe. The Hub, of
Boston, Mass., and The Bulletin.
Items From Stark County and Vicinity.
Canton, Sept. 1,1883.
Mr. John H. Henderson, formerly of your
city, now a resident of Canton, has-been
confined to his bed since December 27 and
still lies in a very critical condition. His
friends have little hope of his recovery. —
The colored citizens of Canton have organ
ized a church with Rev. N. J.“ Watson, of
the A. M. E. denomination as pastor. They
are holding their meetings in Temperence
Hall. The pastor intended to deliver a lectj
ure last Wednesday evening at the above
named place, taking for his subject the
origin of the A. M. E. Church. —Mrs. Dora
Hill and Miss Stanton, of New Castle, Pa.,
are visiting at the residence of Mr. Philip
Hall, of South Plum Street.—A colored
camp-meeting is now in progress at Mi
nerva on the Connotton Valley Railroad
and is said to be well attended. An excur
sion train runs from Canton to Minerva
Sunday for the benefit of those wishing to
visit the meetings —Mr. James Goins, one
of the popular young barbers of Massillon,
was in the city yesterday.
Springfield.
Mr. Turner and sister of Connersville,
Ind., are the guests of Miss K. G. Jackson
Yellow Spring Street.—Mrs. N. Parker, of
Zanesville, is visiting Mrs. Metcalf, of
Spring Street. —Miss Mattie Guy returns
this week, bringing several ladies with her.
—Mrs. James Beauford, Miss Viola Pleas
ants and C. W. Reynolds returned from
Cleveland last Saturday.—Mr. Albert
Quarels, of Cincinnati, returned home
Tuesday after a pleasant visit here. —Miss
Hattie Peel left for St. Louis Wednesday
to take charge of her school. —Miss Rett, of
Zanesville, is visiting Mrs. Martin, of Clark
Street. —Mrs. Arabella Vina and sister, of
Ironton, are visiting relatives at No. 250
West Fair Street.—Miss Eliza Speers was
called home to South Charleston on im-
Sortant business. —Messrs. Doc. Clayton,
'an Smith and Miss Smith were delegates
to the Subbath school convention at Yellow
Springs Sunday last. Setaoc.
Pittsburgh.
Ata mass meeting of the citizens of Pitts
burgh and Allegheny, held in the Franklin
Street School House on the 27th ult., a com
mittee of twenty was appointed to issue a
call for a State Convention, to be held in
Pittsburgh, September 13th, to elect dele
gates to the National Convention to be
held in Louisville, September 24th, 1883.—
The Avery Mission Church are hold
ing services in the lecture room of
Avery- College, while the church is
being repaired, which will take about
three or four weeks. Their former
pastor, Rev. Alfred Day leaves this week
for the |Louisville Conference.—James A.
Young, formerly head bellman for a num
ber of years at theCataract House,Niagara
Falls, is visiting his sisters, Mrs. Riley and
Mrs. Burns, of Crawford Street.—Mrs.
Aggie Huelet, of New York City, is visit
ing her sisters, Mrs. Burns and Mrs. Riley,
of Crawford Street. B. F. G.
Soxxxotlxlxis New!
CREAMERY BUTTERED FLOUR.
M.E.WOOLVERTON&CO.
GROCERS,
361 EUCLID AVEN UE, COR. SHERIFF.
Orders by Telephone promptly attended to.
FOREST CITY SHOE STORE !
Boot and Shoe Dealers.
Reasonable Prices.
SAMUEL GLENN & CO.,
126 Ontario Street.
JOHiTjCwBAVBs"
PLUMBER & GAS FITTER
No. 80 Euclid Avenue,
(First door East of Opera House.)
^“All Orders promptly attended to.
Vienna Model Baking Co.
GENUINE _
Vienna Bread, ,
Rolls,
Cakes and Pastry.
MEAT MARKET.
Buy your meat of
J. w. S. WEBB’S STALL,
NO. 34 CENTRAL MARKET,
—AND—
No. <509 Superior Street.
John p. grf.en & geo. phibbs,
Attorneys-at-Law,
222 Superior Street.
COAL!
Now is the time lay in a winter supply of
HARD AND SOFT COAL.
We keep a complete assortment of the best
Domestic Coals stored in our sheds,
which are the most complete
in the city.
t®"All Coal shall be well screened, promptly
delivered, and sold at popular prices.
J. A. Beidler & Co*,
EUCLID AVE. STATION.
Telephone 1,267.
CHILDS’
SHOE STORE
152 Ontario Street.
GOODS AT FAIR PRICES
—BUT—
NO PRESENTS I
Goal! Goal£Goal I
PERKINS & CO.,
1,834 CEDAR AVE.,
DEALERS IN
CHOICE DOMESTIC COALS!
Try our ROSE HILL, the best Soft Coal
sold in this market. Our Hard Coal is thor
oughly cleaned and kept under cover, thus en
abling us to deliver it in good condition at all
times.
The Cleveland Gazette.
A New Weekly Paper Devoted to the Interests of
THE COLORED RACE.
THE GAZETTE ;
Proposes to be Independent in Everything, Ventral in Noth*
ing that Advances er Impedes the Civil, Morul or
Industrial Interests of the Race.
y
TIDE GAZETTE
PROPOSES TO BE THE STERN ADVOCATE OF
THE PEOPLE’S RIGHTS 1
To the Utter Exclusion of Merely Personal Interests.
r - ■■■■
THE GAZETTE
ADVOCATES
EDUCATION, EQUALITY? PROGRESSION
-• .‘x
_ < * ,
Subscribe for The Gazette.
Advertise in The Gazette.
Circulate The Gazette.
Pay for The Gazette*
PRICE OF SUBSCRIPTION:
One Year, $1.50. Six Months, *I.OO. Three Months, 50 Cen^
One Month, 20 Cents. Single Copies, 5 Cents.
ATBLISHED BY -U t
The Gazette Publishing Co.,
326 EUCLID AVENUE,
CLEVELAND, . . OHIO,
Carpets,
Curtains,
China Mattings,
Linoleum,
Upholstery Materials,
Table Covers, Fringes,
Window Shades, Etc.
STERLING & CO.,
305 EUCLID AVENUE.
Burrows Bros. & Co.
23, 25 & 21 EUCLID AVE.
Books sat Stationery.
SCHOOL BOOKS OF ALL GRADES
and all Ages.
Also School Sumslles of All Kinds-